[Music]
our phones have become essential apps
keep track of our schedules our Fitness
our love lives but what if an app could
tell you how long I got 63 years 57
years before you died would you want to
know this app it's fake obviously my
girlfriend said the same thing that app
said she was gonna die whatever is
happening to us I think it's because of
this
good evening your phone a new phone new
number your service anything else I can
help you with No
[Music]
[Applause]
the countdown app it's really just a
random number with a clock it's not that
scary
but it seems like it works on YouTube
clowns this must be everyone that
downloaded the app she downloaded it all
we need to do is beat the clock by one
second you ever done anything like this
before
no but I've read about it a lot this is
a fate much worse than death for Sue you
come with me they don't overwhelm you
until you are utterly destroyed
you're you calling my name
[Music]